Bbox to bounds Keyword (#416)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/core-concepts/run-udfs/run.mdx

1. [Mandatory] The first argument needs to be the UDF to run (name, object, token, etc [as seen above](/core-concepts/run-udfs/run-small-udfs/#fusedrun))
2. [Optional] Any arguments of the UDF itself (if it has any). In the example above that's `inputs` because `my_udf` takes `inputs` as argument.
3. [Optional] Any protected arguments as seen in the dedicated [API docs page](/python-sdk/top-level-functions/#run) (if applicable). These include for example:

>    - `bounds` -> A geographical bounding box (as a GeoDataFrame or shapely Geometry) defining the area of interest.

Reviewer: This is the main difference here:

```suggestion
   - `bounds` -> A geographical bounding box (as a list of 4 point: `[min_x, min_y, max_x, max_y]`) defining the area of interest.
```
